https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-3382--ansible/automation changes (#4796)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: clusters/cluster_lifecycle/ansible_job.adoc

[#creating-an-ansible-job-for-a-managed-cluster]
= Creating an Ansible job for a managed cluster

> You can create an `Ansible job` that is bound to a cluster when the cluster is created or imported to be managed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create an `AnsibleJob` that is bound to a cluster when the cluster is created or imported to be managed.
```

Complete the following procedure to create an Ansible job and configure it with a cluster that is not yet managed:

. Create the definition file for the Ansible job in one of the channels that are supported by the application function. Only Git channels are supported.
+

> Use `Ansible job` as the value of `kind` in the definition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `AnsibleJob` as the value of `kind` in the definition.
```

    variable2: value2
----
+

> By storing the file in the prehook or posthook directory, it creates a list of cluster names that match the placement rule. The list of cluster names can be passed as a value of `extra_vars` to the `Ansible job` `kind` resource. When this value is passed to the `AnsibleJob` resource, the Ansible job can determine the new cluster name and use it in the automation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By storing the file in the prehook or posthook directory, it creates a list of cluster names that match the placement rule. The list of cluster names can be passed as a value of `extra_vars` to the `AnsibleJob` `kind` resource. When this value is passed to the `AnsibleJob` resource, the Ansible job can determine the new cluster name and use it in the automation.
```

+
*Note:* If you select any label that is already in use, the Ansible job automatically runs. It is recommended that you include a resource in your application that is not part of the prehooks or posthooks.  
+

> The default placement rule runs the job when it detects the cluster with the label that matches the label of the `Ansible job`. If you want the automation to run on all of your running clusters that are managed by the hub cluster, add the following content to the placement rule:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default placement rule runs the job when it detects the cluster with the label that matches the label of the `AnsibleJob`. If you want the automation to run on all of your running clusters that are managed by the hub cluster, add the following content to the placement rule:
```

. Create or import your cluster by following the instructions in xref:../cluster_lifecycle/create_intro.adoc#creating-a-cluster[Creating a cluster] or xref:../cluster_lifecycle/import.adoc#importing-a-target-managed-cluster-to-the-hub-cluster[Importing a target managed cluster to the hub cluster], respectively.
+

> When you create or import the cluster, use the same label that you used when you created the subscription, and the `Ansible job` is automatically configured to run on the cluster. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you create or import the cluster, use the same label that you used when you created the subscription, and the `AnsibleJob` is automatically configured to run on the cluster. 
```

 
The {mce-short} automatically injects the cluster name into the `AnsibleJob.extra_vars.target_clusters` path. You can dynamically inject the cluster name into the definition. Complete the following procedure to create an Ansible job and configure it with a cluster that is already managed:

. Create the definition file for the Ansible job in the prehook or posthook directory of your Git Channel.
+

> Use `Ansible job` as the value of `kind` in the definition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `AnsibleJob` as the value of `kind` in the definition.
```

+
Your definition file contents might resemble the following example:
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: tower.ansible.com/v1alpha1

> Kind: AnsibleJob

Reviewer: ```suggestion
kind: AnsibleJob
```
